STA-4560 Add section about auto-saved versions (#161)
statelyai/docs: docs/versions.mdx

The version’s timestamp will still be shown under the version name.

## Auto-saved versions

There are some cases where versions will automatically be created for a machine Auto-saved versions are indicated in the list of versions with the Stately bot icon.

### Initial versions

An initial version is automatically saved for new machines when:

- you fork a machine from an existing machine or project
- you duplicate an existing machine in its project

These versions are labeled “Initial version”.

### Periodic snapshot versions

> To reduce the likelihood of data loss, versions are automatically saved hourly as long as edits have been made to the project machine. These versions are labeled with a timestamp that can be edited by you. They work just like other versions that you can view, restore, or delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce the likelihood of data loss, versions are automatically saved hourly (approx.) as long as edits have been made to the project machine. These versions are labeled with a timestamp, and these labels can be edited. They work just like other versions that you can view, restore, or delete.
```

Didn't want to imply that the timestamps can be edited 😨 Also didn't want to guarantee hourly (it may not show up as exactly every hour, depending on edits, closing window, etc.)

Author: These are good distinctions to make! Thansk.
